then not very beautiful game
the winemaker rand'auvergne
we can not clear ourselves m
tomorrow everybody that bohemian coldcut back these are the returns
of his entourage tenants to help them
now still if our partner of rank conceded to Lille
about his future
we can say scarred cta little empire
certainly there is nothing more and all of a sudden the crunching probe
I come out of life back from the grass
a lot of ardent facts
and% the year the maintenance clay the grass
that said and it allows
all the studies the others
but a fauna and flora that has developed since antiquity
A lot of things
insect
predator but I did have insecticide treatment here
no weed killer
sporty vines
finally flowers to m
and percent
that's great fun
I think we will have a good year
it's really important to have
right of the arms
as we did not really see any competition
even if the beers of Bailliencourt second group
and then next
read paris
on a floor
these different
the biker close
you me I feel better here what
the whole in the man has beautiful mcc
composed of different people
what are they different
we will leave clay-limestone land 500 meters above sea level
we can not perfectly
his centenary
to plant at 1905 popote brings 1,900 women so must that part that
was
and even older at 120 francs
this is the place is not able to match auvergne beaten very
specific
for single purpose
to the region
with the most hostile
the old grape varieties because we have not all identified with ryad and christian
jacob the sleeper are dead as for them
mua
and then I think some new kids
ellis planted a foot so it's a wealth
biodiversity
these dwellings
that's what they really do
how to keep m
five conservatories
the records the gameplay at the dover at the overall expense of the city is not
exactly the same allow
that control currently loire have evolved well
he does not have the same life forms at all
we are told a little later about ten days
it is a little more spicy
it's a necessity started but that's good
really that
in saguenay which is more rustic which close the rot
tasty because you how is preparing a moment of grace 15 October 20
and for two good maturity because madam alcoholic maturity if
it puts me very well always 13 passes bloomberg
finally twice 40
the big German scene
saint-papoul played two years at all it's a balanced debate
it's mostly the end of the phenolic maturity
see debates of internet extensions
was drinking
in what I want to show that I finish by bringing his support
we know that
the vines are planted very very close this is really why
because he does not really know what my passport looks like to wear them
to 90 by 90 votes
I can park
cordelle
we can move on to a man in the past
Clouston
that's what creates a concentration
three tries is a fish in the water
jules you said that you left with a choice in May
the puzzle sometimes even sometimes too much
too narrow France devotes to chile
other clubs
it does a bit of housework to pack
to adapt and then c
and that's really good
I think terra
everything starts in another German army
half time
in this recent report from
the author turn a little of his soul
but slightly
slightly underway
to make a donation
the result the volumes
mercedes
very soon belote